c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\AppVisualBasic.exe.config
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.Form1.resources
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.Resources.resources
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.SignUp.resources
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\AppVisualBasic.exe
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\AppVisualBasic.pdb
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\AppVisualBasic.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.exe
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.pdb
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.Detail.resources
c:\users\this\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppVisualBasic\AppVisualBasic\obj\Debug\AppVisualBasic.ControlPanal.resources
